docs/mintlify/developers/addons.md, before:

# Addons

Extend The Endex with addon plugins.

***

## What Are Addons?

Addons are separate plugin JAR files that integrate with The Endex:

* **Custom commands** — Add trading commands
* **API routes** — Extend the REST API
* **Custom items** — Non-vanilla tradeable assets
* **Business logic** — Custom trading behavior

***

## Installing Addons

### 1. Download

Get addon JARs from:

* Official releases
* Third-party developers
* Build from source

### 2. Place in Folder

Put addon JARs in:

```
plugins/TheEndex/addons/
```

Create the folder if it doesn't exist.

### 3. Restart Server

Addons load automatically on startup.

### 4. Verify

Check addon loaded:

```
/endex addons
```

---

## Configuration

Addons create their own config files:

```
plugins/TheEndex/
├── config.yml          # Main config
├── crypto.yml          # Crypto addon config
├── custom-addon.yml    # Custom addon config
└── addons/
    ├── TheEndex-Crypto.jar
    └── custom-addon.jar
```

***

## Managing Addons

### List Loaded

```
/endex addons
```

### Addon Commands

Access addon commands:

```
/endex <addon> <command> [args]
```

Example for crypto:

```
/endex crypto prices
/endex crypto buy BTC 0.5
```

### API Routes

Addons register under `/api/addon/{name}/`:

```
GET /api/addon/crypto/prices
POST /api/addon/crypto/buy
```

***

## Developing Addons

See the [Developer API](api.md) for creating custom addons.

### Quick Start

1. Add The Endex as dependency
2. Implement `EndexAddon` interface
3. Register via `META-INF/services`
4. Package as JAR

### Example Structure

```
my-addon/
├── build.gradle.kts
└── src/main/
    ├── kotlin/com/example/MyAddon.kt
    └── resources/META-INF/services/
        └── org.lokixcz.theendex.addon.EndexAddon
```

***

## Permissions

Addons can use The Endex permission system:

| Pattern                    | Description          |
| -------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `endex.addon.<name>`       | Base addon access    |
| `endex.addon.<name>.admin` | Addon admin features |
| `endex.addon.<name>.trade` | Trading via addon    |

***

## Troubleshooting

### Addon Not Loading

**Check:**

* JAR is in correct folder
* Compatible with your Endex version
* No errors in console

**Debug:**

```
# Check for load errors
grep -i "addon" logs/latest.log
```

### Command Not Found

Ensure addon registered successfully:

```
/endex addons
```

### API Route 404

Verify addon exposes API:

```
GET /api/addons
```

***

## Related Pages

* [Developer API](api.md) — Build custom addons
* [REST API](../web-api/rest-api.md) — API integration
* [Commands](../reference/commands.md) — Command reference

Commit message:

Refactor documentation: add descriptions to various sections and create a new introduction page for The Endex.

docs/mintlify/developers/addons.md, after:

---
title: "Addons"
description: "Extend The Endex with custom addon plugins."
---
# Addons

Extend The Endex with addon plugins.

***

## What Are Addons?

Addons are separate plugin JAR files that integrate with The Endex:

* **Custom commands** — Add trading commands
* **API routes** — Extend the REST API
* **Custom items** — Non-vanilla tradeable assets
* **Business logic** — Custom trading behavior

***

## Installing Addons

### 1. Download

Get addon JARs from:

* Official releases
* Third-party developers
* Build from source

### 2. Place in Folder

Put addon JARs in:

```
plugins/TheEndex/addons/
```

Create the folder if it doesn't exist.

### 3. Restart Server

Addons load automatically on startup.

### 4. Verify

Check addon loaded:

```
/endex addons
```

---

## Configuration

Addons create their own config files:

```
plugins/TheEndex/
├── config.yml          # Main config
├── crypto.yml          # Crypto addon config
├── custom-addon.yml    # Custom addon config
└── addons/
    ├── TheEndex-Crypto.jar
    └── custom-addon.jar
```

***

## Managing Addons

### List Loaded

```
/endex addons
```

### Addon Commands

Access addon commands:

```
/endex <addon> <command> [args]
```

Example for crypto:

```
/endex crypto prices
/endex crypto buy BTC 0.5
```

### API Routes

Addons register under `/api/addon/{name}/`:

```
GET /api/addon/crypto/prices
POST /api/addon/crypto/buy
```

***

## Developing Addons

See the [Developer API](api.md) for creating custom addons.

### Quick Start

1. Add The Endex as dependency
2. Implement `EndexAddon` interface
3. Register via `META-INF/services`
4. Package as JAR

### Example Structure

```
my-addon/
├── build.gradle.kts
└── src/main/
    ├── kotlin/com/example/MyAddon.kt
    └── resources/META-INF/services/
        └── org.lokixcz.theendex.addon.EndexAddon
```

***

## Permissions

Addons can use The Endex permission system:

| Pattern                    | Description          |
| -------------------------- | -------------------- |
| `endex.addon.<name>`       | Base addon access    |
| `endex.addon.<name>.admin` | Addon admin features |
| `endex.addon.<name>.trade` | Trading via addon    |

***

## Troubleshooting

### Addon Not Loading

**Check:**

* JAR is in correct folder
* Compatible with your Endex version
* No errors in console

**Debug:**

```
# Check for load errors
grep -i "addon" logs/latest.log
```

### Command Not Found

Ensure addon registered successfully:

```
/endex addons
```

### API Route 404

Verify addon exposes API:

```
GET /api/addons
```

***

## Related Pages

* [Developer API](api.md) — Build custom addons
* [REST API](../web-api/rest-api.md) — API integration
* [Commands](../reference/commands.md) — Command reference
