docs/mintlify/en/introduction.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to The Endex"
description: "A dynamic market economy plugin for Minecraft servers with real-time pricing, holdings, web dashboard, and addon support."
---

**The Endex** is a dynamic, player-driven market plugin for Minecraft servers.

It provides:

- **Live item pricing** that moves based on supply and demand
- **Holdings** (virtual storage) so players can trade without inventory juggling
- **Delivery queue** so purchases never disappear when storage is full
- **Market events** for spikes, crashes, and server-wide moments
- **Web dashboard + REST API** for fast trading and integration
- **PlaceholderAPI support** for scoreboards, holograms, and tab lists

## Key highlights

| Feature | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Dynamic Pricing | Real supply/demand economics |
| World Storage Scanning | Prices can react to stored items (optional) |
| Virtual Holdings | Store purchased items with P/L tracking |
| Web Dashboard | Trade from your browser with live updates |
| Market GUI | In-game trading interface |
| Delivery System | Never lose overflow items |
| PlaceholderAPI | 30+ placeholders for external plugins |
| Addon Support | Extend functionality with addons |
| Investments | APR-based investment certificates |

## What's New in 1.5.7-dec1022

- **Web Dashboard Translation** — Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- **GUI Fix** — Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in market details panel
- **Performance Indicators** — Config options now show `[PERF: LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH]` tags
- **Translated Configs** — Pre-translated config files in 9 languages
- **Sell from Holdings** — Sell items directly from virtual holdings (1.5.7)
- **In-Game Layout Editor** — Visual GUI editor for custom shop layouts (1.5.6)
- **Arclight Support** — Full compatibility with hybrid servers (1.5.7)

## Compatibility

| Requirement | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 - 1.21.x |
| Java | 17+ |
| Server | Paper/Spigot/Purpur |
| Economy | Vault (soft dependency) |
| Placeholders | PlaceholderAPI (soft dependency) |

## Next steps

- Read the installation guide: [Installation](getting-started/installation)
- Get trading quickly: [Quick Start](getting-started/quick-start)
- Set up placeholders: [PlaceholderAPI](features/placeholderapi)

***

## Quick Links

* [**Installation Guide**](getting-started/installation) — Get started in minutes
* [**Commands Reference**](reference/commands) — All available commands
* [**Configuration**](reference/configuration) — Customize everything
* [**PlaceholderAPI**](features/placeholderapi) — Placeholder reference
* [**Web Dashboard**](web-api/dashboard) — Trade from your browser
* [**Changelog**](support/changelog) — What's new

***

## Support

* **Discord:** [Join Server](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE)
* **GitHub:** [Issues](https://github.com/khristianaarongarcia/endex/issues)
* **Modrinth:** [Plugin Page](https://modrinth.com/plugin/theendex)
* **SpigotMC:** [Resource Page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/the-endex-dynamic-stock-market-for-minecraft-1-20-1-1-21-11-large-update.128382/)

***

_Last updated: December 30, 2025 | Version 1.5.7-dec1022_

Commit message:

feat(docs): Add language switching instructions and support for 10 languages in documentation

docs/mintlify/en/introduction.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to The Endex"
description: "A dynamic market economy plugin for Minecraft servers with real-time pricing, holdings, web dashboard, and addon support."
---

**The Endex** is a dynamic, player-driven market plugin for Minecraft servers.

It provides:

- **Live item pricing** that moves based on supply and demand
- **Holdings** (virtual storage) so players can trade without inventory juggling
- **Delivery queue** so purchases never disappear when storage is full
- **Market events** for spikes, crashes, and server-wide moments
- **Web dashboard + REST API** for fast trading and integration
- **PlaceholderAPI support** for scoreboards, holograms, and tab lists

## Key highlights

| Feature | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Dynamic Pricing | Real supply/demand economics |
| World Storage Scanning | Prices can react to stored items (optional) |
| Virtual Holdings | Store purchased items with P/L tracking |
| Web Dashboard | Trade from your browser with live updates |
| Market GUI | In-game trading interface |
| Delivery System | Never lose overflow items |
| PlaceholderAPI | 30+ placeholders for external plugins |
| Addon Support | Extend functionality with addons |
| Investments | APR-based investment certificates |

## What's New in 1.5.7-dec1022

- **Web Dashboard Translation** — Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- **GUI Fix** — Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in market details panel
- **Performance Indicators** — Config options now show `[PERF: LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH]` tags
- **Translated Configs** — Pre-translated config files in 9 languages
- **Sell from Holdings** — Sell items directly from virtual holdings (1.5.7)
- **In-Game Layout Editor** — Visual GUI editor for custom shop layouts (1.5.6)
- **Arclight Support** — Full compatibility with hybrid servers (1.5.7)

## Compatibility

| Requirement | Version |
| --- | --- |
| Minecraft | 1.20.1 - 1.21.x |
| Java | 17+ |
| Server | Paper/Spigot/Purpur |
| Economy | Vault (soft dependency) |
| Placeholders | PlaceholderAPI (soft dependency) |

## Next steps

- Read the installation guide: [Installation](getting-started/installation)
- Get trading quickly: [Quick Start](getting-started/quick-start)
- Set up placeholders: [PlaceholderAPI](features/placeholderapi)

***

## Quick Links

* [**Installation Guide**](getting-started/installation) — Get started in minutes
* [**Commands Reference**](reference/commands) — All available commands
* [**Configuration**](reference/configuration) — Customize everything
* [**PlaceholderAPI**](features/placeholderapi) — Placeholder reference
* [**Web Dashboard**](web-api/dashboard) — Trade from your browser
* [**Changelog**](support/changelog) — What's new

***

## Changing Language

This documentation is available in **10 languages**. To switch languages:

1. Look for the **language selector** in the documentation header/navigation
2. Click on it to see available languages
3. Select your preferred language

| Language | Code |
| --- | --- |
| 🇺🇸 English | `en` |
| 🇨🇳 Chinese (Simplified) | `cn` |
| 🇪🇸 Spanish | `es` |
| 🇫🇷 French | `fr` |
| 🇩🇪 German | `de` |
| 🇯🇵 Japanese | `jp` |
| 🇰🇷 Korean | `ko` |
| 🇧🇷 Portuguese (Brazil) | `pt-BR` |
| 🇷🇺 Russian | `ru` |
| 🇵🇱 Polish | `pl` |

<Tip>
The in-game plugin also supports multiple languages! Set your preferred language in `config.yml` under `language: en` (use the language code from the table above).
</Tip>

***

## Support

* **Discord:** [Join Server](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE)
* **GitHub:** [Issues](https://github.com/khristianaarongarcia/endex/issues)
* **Modrinth:** [Plugin Page](https://modrinth.com/plugin/theendex)
* **SpigotMC:** [Resource Page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/the-endex-dynamic-stock-market-for-minecraft-1-20-1-1-21-11-large-update.128382/)

***

_Last updated: January 4, 2026 | Version 1.5.8_
