docs/mintlify/getting-started/quick-start.md, before:

# Quick Start

Learn the basics of The Endex in 5 minutes.

---

## For Players

### Opening the Market

The market GUI is your main interface for trading:

```
/market
```

![Market GUI](https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif)

### Buying Items

When you buy items, they go to your **virtual holdings** (not directly to inventory):

```
/market buy diamond 10
```

### Viewing Your Holdings

Check what you own in virtual storage:

```
/market holdings
```

### Withdrawing to Inventory

When you're ready to use items, withdraw them:

```
/market withdraw diamond
/market withdraw diamond 64
/market withdraw all
```

### Selling Items

Sell items from your inventory (not from holdings):

```
/market sell diamond 5
```

### Checking Prices

View current price and history:

```
/market price diamond
```

### Using the GUI

In the Market GUI:

| Action | Result |
|--------|--------|
| **Left-click** item | Buy selected amount |
| **Right-click** item | Sell selected amount |
| **Shift-click** | Open detailed view |
| **Bottom row** | Navigation & settings |

---

## For Administrators

### Starting Events

Trigger market events that affect prices:

```
/market event list           # See available events
/market event ore_rush       # Start an event
/market event end ore_rush   # End early
/market event clear          # End all events
```

### Checking Status

```
/endex version    # Plugin version and status
/endex reload     # Reload configuration
```

### Managing the Web Dashboard

```
/endex web              # Get your session link
/endex webui export     # Export UI for customization
/endex webui reload     # Reload custom UI
```

---

## Understanding the Economy

### How Prices Work

The Endex uses real supply and demand:

- **Players buy** → Demand increases → **Price goes UP** 📈
- **Players sell** → Supply increases → **Price goes DOWN** 📉
- **Nobody trades** → Price slowly returns to baseline

### Price Influences

Prices can be affected by:

1. **Trading Activity** — Buy/sell transactions
2. **Player Inventories** — What players are holding
3. **World Storage** — Items in chests across the server
4. **Market Events** — Admin-triggered multipliers

### Holdings System

The virtual holdings system:

```
Buy Items → Virtual Holdings → Withdraw to Inventory
                ↓
        Track Profit/Loss
```

Benefits:
- Never lose items to full inventory
- Track your average cost basis
- See real-time profit/loss
- Works with web dashboard

---

## Common Workflows

### Day Trading

1. Watch prices with `/market price <item>`
2. Buy low: `/market buy diamond 64`
3. Wait for price increase
4. Withdraw: `/market withdraw diamond`
5. Sell high: `/market sell diamond 64`

### Bulk Trading (Web Dashboard)

1. Get session link: `/endex web`
2. Open in browser
3. Trade multiple items quickly
4. Monitor live price charts

### Event Arbitrage

1. Watch for events: `/market event list`
2. Buy affected items before event
3. Wait for price spike during event
4. Sell at peak

---

## Tips for Success

{% hint style="success" %}
**Buy Low, Sell High**
Watch price trends and buy when prices dip. Sell when demand spikes.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
**Use the Holdings System**
Don't withdraw until you need items. Holdings track your profit/loss automatically.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Watch for Events**
Market events can dramatically affect prices. Check `/market event list` regularly.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="tip" %}
**Web Dashboard**
For serious trading, use the web dashboard. It's faster and shows charts.
{% endhint %}

---

## Next Steps

- [Dynamic Pricing](../features/pricing.md) — Understand the algorithm
- [Virtual Holdings](../features/holdings.md) — Master the holdings system
- [Web Dashboard](../web-api/dashboard.md) — Trade from your browser
- [Commands Reference](../reference/commands.md) — All commands explained

Commit message:

Refactor documentation: add descriptions to various sections and create a new introduction page for The Endex.

docs/mintlify/getting-started/quick-start.md, after:

---
title: "Quick Start"
description: "Get started with The Endex in under 5 minutes."
---
# Quick Start

Learn the basics of The Endex in 5 minutes.

---

## For Players

### Opening the Market

The market GUI is your main interface for trading:

```
/market
```

![Market GUI](https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif)

### Buying Items

When you buy items, they go to your **virtual holdings** (not directly to inventory):

```
/market buy diamond 10
```

### Viewing Your Holdings

Check what you own in virtual storage:

```
/market holdings
```

### Withdrawing to Inventory

When you're ready to use items, withdraw them:

```
/market withdraw diamond
/market withdraw diamond 64
/market withdraw all
```

### Selling Items

Sell items from your inventory (not from holdings):

```
/market sell diamond 5
```

### Checking Prices

View current price and history:

```
/market price diamond
```

### Using the GUI

In the Market GUI:

| Action | Result |
|--------|--------|
| **Left-click** item | Buy selected amount |
| **Right-click** item | Sell selected amount |
| **Shift-click** | Open detailed view |
| **Bottom row** | Navigation & settings |

---

## For Administrators

### Starting Events

Trigger market events that affect prices:

```
/market event list           # See available events
/market event ore_rush       # Start an event
/market event end ore_rush   # End early
/market event clear          # End all events
```

### Checking Status

```
/endex version    # Plugin version and status
/endex reload     # Reload configuration
```

### Managing the Web Dashboard

```
/endex web              # Get your session link
/endex webui export     # Export UI for customization
/endex webui reload     # Reload custom UI
```

---

## Understanding the Economy

### How Prices Work

The Endex uses real supply and demand:

- **Players buy** → Demand increases → **Price goes UP** 📈
- **Players sell** → Supply increases → **Price goes DOWN** 📉
- **Nobody trades** → Price slowly returns to baseline

### Price Influences

Prices can be affected by:

1. **Trading Activity** — Buy/sell transactions
2. **Player Inventories** — What players are holding
3. **World Storage** — Items in chests across the server
4. **Market Events** — Admin-triggered multipliers

### Holdings System

The virtual holdings system:

```
Buy Items → Virtual Holdings → Withdraw to Inventory
                ↓
        Track Profit/Loss
```

Benefits:
- Never lose items to full inventory
- Track your average cost basis
- See real-time profit/loss
- Works with web dashboard

---

## Common Workflows

### Day Trading

1. Watch prices with `/market price <item>`
2. Buy low: `/market buy diamond 64`
3. Wait for price increase
4. Withdraw: `/market withdraw diamond`
5. Sell high: `/market sell diamond 64`

### Bulk Trading (Web Dashboard)

1. Get session link: `/endex web`
2. Open in browser
3. Trade multiple items quickly
4. Monitor live price charts

### Event Arbitrage

1. Watch for events: `/market event list`
2. Buy affected items before event
3. Wait for price spike during event
4. Sell at peak

---

## Tips for Success

{% hint style="success" %}
**Buy Low, Sell High**
Watch price trends and buy when prices dip. Sell when demand spikes.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="info" %}
**Use the Holdings System**
Don't withdraw until you need items. Holdings track your profit/loss automatically.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Watch for Events**
Market events can dramatically affect prices. Check `/market event list` regularly.
{% endhint %}

{% hint style="tip" %}
**Web Dashboard**
For serious trading, use the web dashboard. It's faster and shows charts.
{% endhint %}

---

## Next Steps

- [Dynamic Pricing](../features/pricing.md) — Understand the algorithm
- [Virtual Holdings](../features/holdings.md) — Master the holdings system
- [Web Dashboard](../web-api/dashboard.md) — Trade from your browser
- [Commands Reference](../reference/commands.md) — All commands explained
