docs/MODRINTH_DESCRIPTION.md, before:

<div align="center">

# The Endex 1.5.8 | Dynamic Market & Addons [1.20.1 - 1.21.x]

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/onDbDSW.png" alt="The Endex Banner" />

*Bring a living economy to your server. Prices move with player demand and supply, with a slick Market GUI, timed events, optional web dashboard, virtual holdings system, and an addon framework.*

[![Discord](https://imgur.com/csuMkZs.png)](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE) [![Documentation](https://imgur.com/MTeHKfU.png)](https://lokixcz-plugins.kagsystems.tech/introduction)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/QK38If6.png" alt="About" />
</div>

The Endex is a dynamic economy plugin that brings realistic market mechanics to your Minecraft server. Prices fluctuate based on player trading activity, server-wide item storage, and random market events.

### 🆕 Version 1.5.8 Highlights:
- **Inflation System** — New configurable inflation/deflation system with per-category rates!
- **Market Items Manager** — New editor button to view/edit all market items in one place!
- **Price Editor Fix** — Fixed vanilla item price editing in the market editor!
- **Admin Commands Fixed** — `/market remove`, `disable`, `setbase`, `setmin`, `setmax` now persist properly!

**Previous 1.5.7 Features:**
- **Polish Language Support** — Complete Polish (Polski) translation for plugin and documentation
- **Config Translations Auto-Extract** — 10 language configs now auto-extract to config_translations/ folder
- **Optimized Default Config** — Now ships with minimal resource usage settings by default
- **Web Dashboard Translation** — Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- **Sell from Holdings** — Sell items directly from virtual holdings without withdrawing first
- **Arclight/Hybrid Server Support** — Fixed compatibility issues with Arclight, Mohist, and other hybrid servers

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/5OYklKS.png" alt="Features" />
</div>

### 💰 Dynamic Pricing
Prices react to demand/supply with configurable sensitivity, EMA smoothing, and per-item min/max caps.

### 🌍 World Storage Scanner
Prices adapt to global item quantities across ALL server storage. Abundant items drop in price; scarce items rise.

### 📦 Virtual Holdings
Buy items into virtual storage with average cost tracking and profit/loss display. Withdraw when ready.

### 🖥️ Market GUI
Beautiful interface with categories, search, sorting, quick buy/sell buttons, and real-time price charts.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif" alt="Market GUI Demo" />
</div>

<details>
<summary>📸 Screenshots</summary>

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/SY0ZO4F.png" alt="Screenshot 1" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/fdWGBho.png" alt="Screenshot 2" />
</div>

</details>

### ⚡ Market Events
Time-boxed price multipliers (Ore Rush, Market Crash, etc.) with server broadcasts.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Qa5Hrhw.gif" alt="Market Events Demo" />
</div>

### 🌐 Web Dashboard
Optional REST API with live updates, charts, item icons, and trading from your browser.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/2hXIQfx.gif" alt="Web Dashboard Demo" />
</div>

### 🔌 Addon Framework
Extensible API for custom addons with command routing and web integration.

### 📬 Delivery System
Overflow protection when inventory or holdings are full. Claim items anytime.

### 🔗 PlaceholderAPI Support
30+ placeholders for scoreboards, holograms, tab lists, and more. Display prices, trends, holdings, leaderboards, and market stats anywhere.

### 📊 bStats Metrics
Anonymous usage statistics to help improve the plugin.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://bstats.org/signatures/bukkit/The%20Endex.svg" alt="bStats" />
</div>

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Up3T3eB.png" alt="Commands" />
</div>

```
/endex help              - Show help menu
/endex version           - Display plugin version

/market                  - Open market GUI
/shop                    - Alias for /market
/m, /trade, /exchange    - Additional market aliases

/market buy <item> <amt> - Purchase items
/market sell <item> <amt>- Sell items
/market price <item>     - Check current price
/market top              - View top traded items

/market holdings         - View your virtual holdings
/market withdraw <item>  - Withdraw items to inventory
/market withdraw all     - Withdraw everything
/market sellholdings <item> <amt> - Sell directly from holdings

/market delivery list    - View pending deliveries
/market delivery claim   - Claim delivered items
/market delivery gui     - Open delivery GUI

/market invest buy <item> <amount>
/market invest list
/market invest redeem-all

/market event list       - View active events
/market event <name>     - Start an event (admin)
/market event end <name> - End an event (admin)
/market event clear      - Clear all events (admin)

# Namespaced commands also work:
/endex:shop, /endex:market, /endex:m
```

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://imgur.com/jNDfH1h.png" alt="Permissions" />
</div>

```
theendex.market      - Access market GUI (default: true)
theendex.buy         - Purchase items (default: true)
theendex.sell        - Sell items (default: true)
theendex.holdings    - Access holdings system (default: true)
theendex.withdraw    - Withdraw from holdings (default: true)
theendex.invest      - Use investments (default: true)
theendex.admin       - Admin commands (default: op)
endex.web.trade      - Web dashboard trading
endex.web.admin      - View other players' holdings
```

---

## 📋 Requirements
- **Server:** Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 - 1.21.x
- **Java:** 17 or higher
- **Economy:** Vault + Economy plugin (EssentialsX, CMI, etc.)

## 💾 Storage Options
- YAML (default) or SQLite database
- Automatic backups and safe reloads
- CSV price history export

---

## Configuration Highlights

### Virtual Holdings:
```yaml
holdings:
  enabled: true
  max-per-player: 10000
  max-materials-per-player: 100
  mode: VIRTUAL
```

### World Storage Scanner:
```yaml
price-world-storage:
  enabled: true
  scan-interval-seconds: 300
  sensitivity: 0.01
  global-baseline: 1000
  containers:
    chests: true
    barrels: true
    shulker-boxes: true
  anti-manipulation:
    per-chunk-item-cap: 10000
    per-material-chunk-cap: 5000
    min-tps: 18.0
```

### Inventory-aware pricing:
```yaml
price-inventory:
  enabled: true
  sensitivity: 0.02
  per-player-baseline: 64
  max-impact-percent: 10.0
```

### Web combined holdings:
```yaml
web:
  roles:
    default: TRADER
    trader-permission: endex.web.trade
    admin-view-permission: endex.web.admin
  holdings:
    inventory:
      enabled: true
      include-enderchest: false
      cache-seconds: 15
```

---

## Compatibility
- **Server:** Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 to 1.21.x
- **Java:** 17 runtime
- **Economy:** Vault (soft dependency)

## Data & Reliability
- YAML storage in the plugin folder by default; optional SQLite database
- Periodic backups and orderly saves; safe reload reschedules tasks cleanly
- Atomic CSV export to `plugins/TheEndex/history`
- Holdings operations use atomic transactions to prevent duplication exploits

## API & Addons
- Public API service for other plugins: `org.lokixcz.theendex.api.EndexAPI`
- Addon loader with command routing and aliasing
- Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default index.html and modify

---

## Changelog

<details>
<summary>📜 Full Changelog</summary>

### New in 1.5.7-dec1038:
- Polish Language Support: Complete Polish (Polski) translation for plugin and documentation
- Config Translations Auto-Extract: 10 language configs now auto-extract to `plugins/TheEndex/config_translations/` on first run
- Optimized Default Configuration: Ships with minimal resource usage settings by default
- World storage scanning DISABLED by default (easily re-enabled for full features)
- Inventory-based pricing DISABLED by default
- Save-on-each-update DISABLED by default (reduced disk I/O)
- Update interval increased to 120 seconds (was 60)
- Prominent optimization guide added to top of config.yml

### New in 1.5.7-dec1022:
- Web Dashboard Translation: Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- GUI Bug Fix: Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException when middle-clicking items in market details
- Performance Indicators: Config options now show `[PERF: LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH]` impact tags
- Translated Configs: Pre-translated config files in 9 languages (Chinese, Spanish, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Arabic)
- Market GUI: Increased details inventory size from 27 to 36 slots to fix button placement

### New in 1.5.7:
- Sell from Holdings: Sell items directly from virtual holdings without withdrawing to inventory first
- Arclight/Hybrid Server Compatibility: Fixed plugin recognition, SLF4J logging, ServiceLoader, and clickable chat links
- Market GUI: Item details now shows "Inventory: X | Holdings: Y" with new sell buttons (slots 33 & 35)
- Custom Shop GUI: Vanilla items can now be sold from holdings when inventory is insufficient
- Web API: New `POST /api/sell-holdings` endpoint for web dashboard selling
- New Command: `/market sellholdings <material> <amount>`

### New in 1.5.6:
- Minecraft 1.20.1+ Compatibility: Lowered api-version from '1.21' to '1.20' to restore support for 1.20.1+ servers (Arclight, etc.)
- In-Game Layout Editor: Complete visual GUI editor for custom shop layouts — no config editing required!
- Custom Items Support: Add any material as decoration with personalized names and lores
- 5 Editor Modes: Place Category, Place Decoration, Place Button, Edit Slot, Remove Slot
- Right-Click Editing: Customize item names and lores via chat prompts
- Real-Time Preview: See changes instantly before saving
- One-Click Save: Save layouts directly to shop config file
- Custom Category Icons: Categories display custom names/lores in /market

### New in 1.5.5:
- Economy Plugin Compatibility: Fixed "Economy unavailable" error with late-loading economy plugins (SimpleEconomy, etc.)
- Added delayed retry (2 seconds) for economy provider detection
- Economy plugins that register with Vault after TheEndex loads are now properly detected
- Added common economy plugins to softdepend list to improve load order

### New in 1.5.4:
- bStats Metrics: Plugin analytics with custom charts (storage mode, shop mode, web UI, holdings, item count)
- Custom Shop Enhancements: Holdings button (slot 45) and Sort button (slot 53) in category pages
- Filter-Based Categories: Auto-populate shop categories using material filters instead of manual item lists
- Default GUI Improvements: Removed Amount button, Sort moved to slot 49, cleaner layout
- Fixed: Hotbar interaction no longer blocked while GUI is open
- Fixed: Sort order now correctly shows highest prices/changes first (descending)
- Fixed: Holdings button in Custom Shop now properly opens holdings panel
- Fixed: `/ex market` command respects `shop.mode` config setting

### New in 1.5.3:
- PlaceholderAPI Integration: 30+ placeholders for prices, trends, holdings, leaderboards, and stats
- Update Checker: Automatic notifications on startup and OP join when updates available
- GUI Customization: Per-GUI config files for layout, colors, slot positions, and categories
- Command Aliases: Create custom shortcuts (e.g., `/shop` → `/market`) via commands.yml
- Full documentation available at https://lokixcz-plugins.kagsystems.tech/

### New in 1.5.2:
- Optimized World Storage Scanner: Complete rewrite with intelligent chunk caching and dirty tracking
- Chunk-level caching with configurable expiry — 80-90% reduction in redundant scanning
- Event-driven dirty tracking — only re-scans chunks where containers were modified
- Disk persistence for cache data across server restarts
- GUI Fix (MC 1.21+): Fixed critical bug where market items could be taken and clicks weren't registering
- UUID-based GUI state tracking replaces unreliable title matching

### New in 1.5.1:
- World Storage Scanner: Prices now react to ALL items stored on your server (chests, barrels, shulker boxes, etc.)
- Global item tracking for true server-wide scarcity economics
- Anti-manipulation protection: per-chunk caps, per-material limits, suspicious activity logging
- TPS-aware throttling: scanner skips if server is under load
- Double chest deduplication prevents double-counting
- Nested shulker content scanning (items inside shulkers in chests)
- Configurable container types and world exclusions

### New in 1.5.0:
- Virtual Holdings System: Complete redesign where purchased items go into virtual holdings instead of inventory
- Holdings GUI: New panel showing all holdings with quantity, avg cost, current price, and profit/loss
- Holdings Commands: `/market holdings` to view, `/market withdraw <item> [amount]` to claim items
- Web UI Withdraw: Withdraw buttons on each holding row plus "Withdraw All" button
- Minecraft 1.21 Support: Full compatibility with Minecraft 1.21.x servers
- New permissions: `theendex.holdings` and `theendex.withdraw` (both default: true)
- Configurable limits: `holdings.max-per-player` (default 10,000) and `holdings.max-materials-per-player` (default 100)

### New in 1.4.0:
- Virtual Delivery System: overflow purchases now enter a pending delivery queue
- Delivery Commands: `/market delivery list|claim|claim-all|gui`
- Web + API updates: new `/api/deliveries` endpoints
- Fixed buy loop issue on 1.20.1 servers

### New in 1.3.x:
- Inventory capacity checked before charging; oversized orders capped
- Security hardening: removed reflective access, session token moved to Authorization header
- Hashed API token support via `web.api.token-hashes` (SHA-256)

See CHANGELOG.md for full release notes.

</details>

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer
This plugin was created with the help of AI. While thoroughly tested, please expect potential bugs or issues. Report problems on Discord or GitHub.

<div align="center">

[![Discord](https://i.postimg.cc/5tz22qFS/discord-icon-png-0-1.jpg)](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE)

**Join our Discord!**

</div>

Commit message:

v1.5.8-JAN60132: Fix Shop Editor Create Category dialog

docs/MODRINTH_DESCRIPTION.md, after:

<div align="center">

# The Endex 1.5.8-JAN60132 | Dynamic Market & Addons [1.20.1 - 1.21.x]

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/onDbDSW.png" alt="The Endex Banner" />

*Bring a living economy to your server. Prices move with player demand and supply, with a slick Market GUI, timed events, optional web dashboard, virtual holdings system, and an addon framework.*

[![Discord](https://imgur.com/csuMkZs.png)](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE) [![Documentation](https://imgur.com/MTeHKfU.png)](https://lokixcz-plugins.kagsystems.tech/introduction)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/QK38If6.png" alt="About" />
</div>

The Endex is a dynamic economy plugin that brings realistic market mechanics to your Minecraft server. Prices fluctuate based on player trading activity, server-wide item storage, and random market events.

### 🆕 Version 1.5.8-JAN60132 Highlights:
- **🔧 Shop Editor Category Fix** — Fixed "Create Category" dialog not responding to clicks! Compass and chest icons now work properly!

**Previous 1.5.8 Features:**
- **Inflation System** — New configurable inflation/deflation system with per-category rates!
- **Market Items Manager** — New editor button to view/edit all market items in one place!
- **Price Editor Fix** — Fixed vanilla item price editing in the market editor!
- **Admin Commands Fixed** — `/market remove`, `disable`, `setbase`, `setmin`, `setmax` now persist properly!

**Previous 1.5.7 Features:**
- **Polish Language Support** — Complete Polish (Polski) translation for plugin and documentation
- **Config Translations Auto-Extract** — 10 language configs now auto-extract to config_translations/ folder
- **Optimized Default Config** — Now ships with minimal resource usage settings by default
- **Web Dashboard Translation** — Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- **Sell from Holdings** — Sell items directly from virtual holdings without withdrawing first
- **Arclight/Hybrid Server Support** — Fixed compatibility issues with Arclight, Mohist, and other hybrid servers

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/5OYklKS.png" alt="Features" />
</div>

### 💰 Dynamic Pricing
Prices react to demand/supply with configurable sensitivity, EMA smoothing, and per-item min/max caps.

### 🌍 World Storage Scanner
Prices adapt to global item quantities across ALL server storage. Abundant items drop in price; scarce items rise.

### 📦 Virtual Holdings
Buy items into virtual storage with average cost tracking and profit/loss display. Withdraw when ready.

### 🖥️ Market GUI
Beautiful interface with categories, search, sorting, quick buy/sell buttons, and real-time price charts.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif" alt="Market GUI Demo" />
</div>

<details>
<summary>📸 Screenshots</summary>

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/SY0ZO4F.png" alt="Screenshot 1" />
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/fdWGBho.png" alt="Screenshot 2" />
</div>

</details>

### ⚡ Market Events
Time-boxed price multipliers (Ore Rush, Market Crash, etc.) with server broadcasts.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Qa5Hrhw.gif" alt="Market Events Demo" />
</div>

### 🌐 Web Dashboard
Optional REST API with live updates, charts, item icons, and trading from your browser.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/2hXIQfx.gif" alt="Web Dashboard Demo" />
</div>

### 🔌 Addon Framework
Extensible API for custom addons with command routing and web integration.

### 📬 Delivery System
Overflow protection when inventory or holdings are full. Claim items anytime.

### 🔗 PlaceholderAPI Support
30+ placeholders for scoreboards, holograms, tab lists, and more. Display prices, trends, holdings, leaderboards, and market stats anywhere.

### 📊 bStats Metrics
Anonymous usage statistics to help improve the plugin.

<div align="center">
<img src="https://bstats.org/signatures/bukkit/The%20Endex.svg" alt="bStats" />
</div>

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Up3T3eB.png" alt="Commands" />
</div>

```
/endex help              - Show help menu
/endex version           - Display plugin version

/market                  - Open market GUI
/shop                    - Alias for /market
/m, /trade, /exchange    - Additional market aliases

/market buy <item> <amt> - Purchase items
/market sell <item> <amt>- Sell items
/market price <item>     - Check current price
/market top              - View top traded items

/market holdings         - View your virtual holdings
/market withdraw <item>  - Withdraw items to inventory
/market withdraw all     - Withdraw everything
/market sellholdings <item> <amt> - Sell directly from holdings

/market delivery list    - View pending deliveries
/market delivery claim   - Claim delivered items
/market delivery gui     - Open delivery GUI

/market invest buy <item> <amount>
/market invest list
/market invest redeem-all

/market event list       - View active events
/market event <name>     - Start an event (admin)
/market event end <name> - End an event (admin)
/market event clear      - Clear all events (admin)

# Namespaced commands also work:
/endex:shop, /endex:market, /endex:m
```

---

<div align="center">
<img src="https://imgur.com/jNDfH1h.png" alt="Permissions" />
</div>

```
theendex.market      - Access market GUI (default: true)
theendex.buy         - Purchase items (default: true)
theendex.sell        - Sell items (default: true)
theendex.holdings    - Access holdings system (default: true)
theendex.withdraw    - Withdraw from holdings (default: true)
theendex.invest      - Use investments (default: true)
theendex.admin       - Admin commands (default: op)
endex.web.trade      - Web dashboard trading
endex.web.admin      - View other players' holdings
```

---

## 📋 Requirements
- **Server:** Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 - 1.21.x
- **Java:** 17 or higher
- **Economy:** Vault + Economy plugin (EssentialsX, CMI, etc.)

## 💾 Storage Options
- YAML (default) or SQLite database
- Automatic backups and safe reloads
- CSV price history export

---

## Configuration Highlights

### Virtual Holdings:
```yaml
holdings:
  enabled: true
  max-per-player: 10000
  max-materials-per-player: 100
  mode: VIRTUAL
```

### World Storage Scanner:
```yaml
price-world-storage:
  enabled: true
  scan-interval-seconds: 300
  sensitivity: 0.01
  global-baseline: 1000
  containers:
    chests: true
    barrels: true
    shulker-boxes: true
  anti-manipulation:
    per-chunk-item-cap: 10000
    per-material-chunk-cap: 5000
    min-tps: 18.0
```

### Inventory-aware pricing:
```yaml
price-inventory:
  enabled: true
  sensitivity: 0.02
  per-player-baseline: 64
  max-impact-percent: 10.0
```

### Web combined holdings:
```yaml
web:
  roles:
    default: TRADER
    trader-permission: endex.web.trade
    admin-view-permission: endex.web.admin
  holdings:
    inventory:
      enabled: true
      include-enderchest: false
      cache-seconds: 15
```

---

## Compatibility
- **Server:** Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 to 1.21.x
- **Java:** 17 runtime
- **Economy:** Vault (soft dependency)

## Data & Reliability
- YAML storage in the plugin folder by default; optional SQLite database
- Periodic backups and orderly saves; safe reload reschedules tasks cleanly
- Atomic CSV export to `plugins/TheEndex/history`
- Holdings operations use atomic transactions to prevent duplication exploits

## API & Addons
- Public API service for other plugins: `org.lokixcz.theendex.api.EndexAPI`
- Addon loader with command routing and aliasing
- Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default index.html and modify

---

## Changelog

<details>
<summary>📜 Full Changelog</summary>

### New in 1.5.8-JAN60132:
- **Shop Editor Category Fix:** Fixed "Create Category" dialog in the shop editor not responding to clicks
- Clicking compass (Filter mode) or chest (Manual mode) icons now properly creates new categories
- Added `CREATE_CATEGORY` state tracking and proper click handling flow
- Categories now persist immediately to shop YAML config files

### New in 1.5.7-dec1038:
- Polish Language Support: Complete Polish (Polski) translation for plugin and documentation
- Config Translations Auto-Extract: 10 language configs now auto-extract to `plugins/TheEndex/config_translations/` on first run
- Optimized Default Configuration: Ships with minimal resource usage settings by default
- World storage scanning DISABLED by default (easily re-enabled for full features)
- Inventory-based pricing DISABLED by default
- Save-on-each-update DISABLED by default (reduced disk I/O)
- Update interval increased to 120 seconds (was 60)
- Prominent optimization guide added to top of config.yml

### New in 1.5.7-dec1022:
- Web Dashboard Translation: Google Translate integration for 26+ languages
- GUI Bug Fix: Fixed ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException when middle-clicking items in market details
- Performance Indicators: Config options now show `[PERF: LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH]` impact tags
- Translated Configs: Pre-translated config files in 9 languages (Chinese, Spanish, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Arabic)
- Market GUI: Increased details inventory size from 27 to 36 slots to fix button placement

### New in 1.5.7:
- Sell from Holdings: Sell items directly from virtual holdings without withdrawing to inventory first
- Arclight/Hybrid Server Compatibility: Fixed plugin recognition, SLF4J logging, ServiceLoader, and clickable chat links
- Market GUI: Item details now shows "Inventory: X | Holdings: Y" with new sell buttons (slots 33 & 35)
- Custom Shop GUI: Vanilla items can now be sold from holdings when inventory is insufficient
- Web API: New `POST /api/sell-holdings` endpoint for web dashboard selling
- New Command: `/market sellholdings <material> <amount>`

### New in 1.5.6:
- Minecraft 1.20.1+ Compatibility: Lowered api-version from '1.21' to '1.20' to restore support for 1.20.1+ servers (Arclight, etc.)
- In-Game Layout Editor: Complete visual GUI editor for custom shop layouts — no config editing required!
- Custom Items Support: Add any material as decoration with personalized names and lores
- 5 Editor Modes: Place Category, Place Decoration, Place Button, Edit Slot, Remove Slot
- Right-Click Editing: Customize item names and lores via chat prompts
- Real-Time Preview: See changes instantly before saving
- One-Click Save: Save layouts directly to shop config file
- Custom Category Icons: Categories display custom names/lores in /market

### New in 1.5.5:
- Economy Plugin Compatibility: Fixed "Economy unavailable" error with late-loading economy plugins (SimpleEconomy, etc.)
- Added delayed retry (2 seconds) for economy provider detection
- Economy plugins that register with Vault after TheEndex loads are now properly detected
- Added common economy plugins to softdepend list to improve load order

### New in 1.5.4:
- bStats Metrics: Plugin analytics with custom charts (storage mode, shop mode, web UI, holdings, item count)
- Custom Shop Enhancements: Holdings button (slot 45) and Sort button (slot 53) in category pages
- Filter-Based Categories: Auto-populate shop categories using material filters instead of manual item lists
- Default GUI Improvements: Removed Amount button, Sort moved to slot 49, cleaner layout
- Fixed: Hotbar interaction no longer blocked while GUI is open
- Fixed: Sort order now correctly shows highest prices/changes first (descending)
- Fixed: Holdings button in Custom Shop now properly opens holdings panel
- Fixed: `/ex market` command respects `shop.mode` config setting

### New in 1.5.3:
- PlaceholderAPI Integration: 30+ placeholders for prices, trends, holdings, leaderboards, and stats
- Update Checker: Automatic notifications on startup and OP join when updates available
- GUI Customization: Per-GUI config files for layout, colors, slot positions, and categories
- Command Aliases: Create custom shortcuts (e.g., `/shop` → `/market`) via commands.yml
- Full documentation available at https://lokixcz-plugins.kagsystems.tech/

### New in 1.5.2:
- Optimized World Storage Scanner: Complete rewrite with intelligent chunk caching and dirty tracking
- Chunk-level caching with configurable expiry — 80-90% reduction in redundant scanning
- Event-driven dirty tracking — only re-scans chunks where containers were modified
- Disk persistence for cache data across server restarts
- GUI Fix (MC 1.21+): Fixed critical bug where market items could be taken and clicks weren't registering
- UUID-based GUI state tracking replaces unreliable title matching

### New in 1.5.1:
- World Storage Scanner: Prices now react to ALL items stored on your server (chests, barrels, shulker boxes, etc.)
- Global item tracking for true server-wide scarcity economics
- Anti-manipulation protection: per-chunk caps, per-material limits, suspicious activity logging
- TPS-aware throttling: scanner skips if server is under load
- Double chest deduplication prevents double-counting
- Nested shulker content scanning (items inside shulkers in chests)
- Configurable container types and world exclusions

### New in 1.5.0:
- Virtual Holdings System: Complete redesign where purchased items go into virtual holdings instead of inventory
- Holdings GUI: New panel showing all holdings with quantity, avg cost, current price, and profit/loss
- Holdings Commands: `/market holdings` to view, `/market withdraw <item> [amount]` to claim items
- Web UI Withdraw: Withdraw buttons on each holding row plus "Withdraw All" button
- Minecraft 1.21 Support: Full compatibility with Minecraft 1.21.x servers
- New permissions: `theendex.holdings` and `theendex.withdraw` (both default: true)
- Configurable limits: `holdings.max-per-player` (default 10,000) and `holdings.max-materials-per-player` (default 100)

### New in 1.4.0:
- Virtual Delivery System: overflow purchases now enter a pending delivery queue
- Delivery Commands: `/market delivery list|claim|claim-all|gui`
- Web + API updates: new `/api/deliveries` endpoints
- Fixed buy loop issue on 1.20.1 servers

### New in 1.3.x:
- Inventory capacity checked before charging; oversized orders capped
- Security hardening: removed reflective access, session token moved to Authorization header
- Hashed API token support via `web.api.token-hashes` (SHA-256)

See CHANGELOG.md for full release notes.

</details>

---

## ⚠️ Disclaimer
This plugin was created with the help of AI. While thoroughly tested, please expect potential bugs or issues. Report problems on Discord or GitHub.

<div align="center">

[![Discord](https://i.postimg.cc/5tz22qFS/discord-icon-png-0-1.jpg)](https://discord.gg/ujFRXksUBE)

**Join our Discord!**

</div>
