docs/SPIGOT_DESCRIPTION.md, before:

[CENTER][B][SIZE=6]The Endex | Dynamic Market & Addons [1.20.1 - 1.21.8][/SIZE][/B][/CENTER]

[CENTER][IMG]https://i.imgur.com/onDbDSW.png[/IMG][/CENTER]

[CENTER][I]Bring a living economy to your server. Prices move with player demand and supply, with a slick Market GUI, timed events, optional web dashboard, and an addon framework.[/I][/CENTER]

[B]Key Features[/B]
[B]Dynamic Pricing[/B] — Prices react to demand/supply with configurable sensitivity, EMA smoothing, and per‑item min/max caps.
[B]Inventory‑Aware Pricing (Optional)[/B] — Prices can gently adapt to how many items players are holding (online inventories). Above‑baseline stock nudges price down; scarce items nudge it up. Fully capped and smoothed.
[B]Market GUI[/B] — Categories, search, sorting, quick buy/sell amounts, a details panel with a tiny sparkline, plus last‑cycle demand/supply and an estimated impact percentage. GUI auto‑refreshes on price updates.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif[/IMG]
[SPOILER="Screenshots"]
[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/SY0ZO4F.png[/IMG]
[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/fdWGBho.png[/IMG]
[/SPOILER]

[B]Investments[/B] — Buy positions in items, view holdings, and redeem accrued value with simple in‑game commands.

[B]Events & Shocks[/B] — Time‑boxed multipliers (e.g., Ore Rush) with broadcasts; configurable and hot‑reloadable.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/Qa5Hrhw.gif[/IMG]

[B]Addon Framework[/B] — Lightweight API for addons to plug in new behaviors.
[B]Web Dashboard (Optional)[/B] — REST API, live updates (WS/SSE), charts, real item icons from your resource pack with caching, and [B]Combined Holdings[/B] that show both [I]Invest[/I] (DB) and [I]Inv[/I] (live inventory) with badges.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/2hXIQfx.gif[/IMG]


[B]Commands[/B]
[CODE]
/endex help
/endex version

/market
/market buy <item> <amount>
/market sell <item> <amount>
/market price <item>
/market top

/market invest buy <item> <amount>
/market invest list
/market invest redeem-all

/market event list
/market event <name>
/market event end <name>
/market event clear
[/CODE]

[B]Permissions[/B]
theendex.market — default: true
theendex.buy — default: true
theendex.sell — default: true
theendex.invest — default: true
theendex.admin — default: op
endex.web.trade — allow web trading role
endex.web.admin — allow viewing others’ holdings via /api/holdings/{uuid}

[B]Configuration Highlights[/B]
Versioned configuration with automated migration on startup and reload.
Adjustable update interval, price sensitivity, history length, and autosave frequency.
Transaction tax, item blacklist, category settings, and event multiplier caps.
Storage selection (YAML or SQLite) with automatic seeding and CSV price history export.
Optional web server (host/port, WS/SSE, icons, caching, rate limits).
[B]Inventory‑aware pricing[/B]:
[CODE]
price-inventory:
	enabled: true
	sensitivity: 0.02
	per-player-baseline: 64
	max-impact-percent: 10.0
[/CODE]
[B]Web combined holdings[/B]:
[CODE]
web:
	roles:
		default: TRADER
		trader-permission: endex.web.trade
		admin-view-permission: endex.web.admin
	holdings:
		inventory:
			enabled: true
			include-enderchest: false
			cache-seconds: 15
[/CODE]

[B]Compatibility[/B]
Server: Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 to latest.
Java 17 runtime.
Economy: Vault (soft dependency).

[B]Data & Reliability[/B]
YAML storage in the plugin folder by default; optional SQLite database.
Periodic backups and orderly saves; safe reload reschedules tasks cleanly.
Atomic CSV export to plugins/TheEndex/history.
Last‑cycle demand/supply persist (no more 0% on idle cycles).

[B]API & Addons[/B]
Public API service for other plugins: org.lokixcz.theendex.api.EndexAPI
Addon loader with command routing and aliasing
Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default `index.html` and modify; unified market view (legacy Addons tab removed)

[B]Support[/B]
[URL='https://discord.gg/vS8xsvWaSU']Join our Discord[/URL]

[B]Changelog[/B]
New in 1.3.0:
- Security hardening: removed all reflective private field access (cleaner, safer internals).
- Web auth improvement: session token now moved to Authorization header after first load; URL is sanitized automatically.
- Hashed API token support via `web.api.token-hashes` (SHA-256). Plain tokens still work but are deprecated (one-time warning when both present).
- Updated SECURITY.md and added CHANGELOG.md; preparing groundwork for upcoming resource pack & rate limiter enhancements.

New in 1.2.0:
- Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default assets then edit `index.html`, CSS, JS; `/endex webui export|reload` admin commands.
- Unified single‑page market view (legacy separate Addons tab removed) with improved filters & layout stability.
- Performance & live update polish (layout reflow reductions, caching tweaks, rate‑limit refinements).
- Minor icon & holdings panel improvements.
Retained from 1.1.x: inventory‑aware pricing, Combined Holdings badges, resource‑pack item icons.
See docs/changelogs.md for full release notes.

[CENTER][URL='https://discord.gg/vS8xsvWaSU'][IMG]https://i.postimg.cc/5tz22qFS/discord-icon-png-0-1.jpg[/IMG][/URL]
Join our Discord![/CENTER]

Commit message:

feat(delivery): Introduce virtual delivery system with queue management and command support

docs/SPIGOT_DESCRIPTION.md, after:

[CENTER][B][SIZE=6]The Endex | Dynamic Market & Addons [1.20.1 - 1.21.8][/SIZE][/B][/CENTER]

[CENTER][IMG]https://i.imgur.com/onDbDSW.png[/IMG][/CENTER]

[CENTER][I]Bring a living economy to your server. Prices move with player demand and supply, with a slick Market GUI, timed events, optional web dashboard, and an addon framework.[/I][/CENTER]

[B]Key Features[/B]
[B]Dynamic Pricing[/B] — Prices react to demand/supply with configurable sensitivity, EMA smoothing, and per‑item min/max caps.
[B]Inventory‑Aware Pricing (Optional)[/B] — Prices can gently adapt to how many items players are holding (online inventories). Above‑baseline stock nudges price down; scarce items nudge it up. Fully capped and smoothed.
[B]Market GUI[/B] — Categories, search, sorting, quick buy/sell amounts, a details panel with a tiny sparkline, plus last‑cycle demand/supply and an estimated impact percentage. GUI auto‑refreshes on price updates.
[B]Delivery System[/B] — Overflow purchases are never lost. Excess items route into a per‑player delivery queue backed by SQLite, claimable via GUI buttons or `/market delivery` commands. Optional auto-claim on login and per-player caps keep things tidy.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/2NVDOxj.gif[/IMG]
[SPOILER="Screenshots"]
[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/SY0ZO4F.png[/IMG]
[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/fdWGBho.png[/IMG]
[/SPOILER]

[B]Investments[/B] — Buy positions in items, view holdings, and redeem accrued value with simple in‑game commands.

[B]Events & Shocks[/B] — Time‑boxed multipliers (e.g., Ore Rush) with broadcasts; configurable and hot‑reloadable.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/Qa5Hrhw.gif[/IMG]

[B]Addon Framework[/B] — Lightweight API for addons to plug in new behaviors.
[B]Web Dashboard (Optional)[/B] — REST API, live updates (WS/SSE), charts, real item icons from your resource pack with caching, and [B]Combined Holdings[/B] that show both [I]Invest[/I] (DB) and [I]Inv[/I] (live inventory) with badges.

[IMG]https://i.imgur.com/2hXIQfx.gif[/IMG]


[B]Commands[/B]
[CODE]
/endex help
/endex version

/market
/market buy <item> <amount>
/market sell <item> <amount>
/market price <item>
/market top

/market invest buy <item> <amount>
/market invest list
/market invest redeem-all

/market delivery list
/market delivery claim <item> [amount]
/market delivery claim-all
/market delivery gui

/market event list
/market event <name>
/market event end <name>
/market event clear
[/CODE]

[B]Permissions[/B]
theendex.market — default: true
theendex.buy — default: true
theendex.sell — default: true
theendex.invest — default: true
theendex.admin — default: op
endex.web.trade — allow web trading role
endex.web.admin — allow viewing others’ holdings via /api/holdings/{uuid}

[B]Configuration Highlights[/B]
Versioned configuration with automated migration on startup and reload.
Adjustable update interval, price sensitivity, history length, and autosave frequency.
Transaction tax, item blacklist, category settings, and event multiplier caps.
Storage selection (YAML or SQLite) with automatic seeding and CSV price history export.
Optional web server (host/port, WS/SSE, icons, caching, rate limits).
[B]Inventory‑aware pricing[/B]:
[CODE]
price-inventory:
	enabled: true
	sensitivity: 0.02
	per-player-baseline: 64
	max-impact-percent: 10.0
[/CODE]
[B]Web combined holdings[/B]:
[CODE]
web:
	roles:
		default: TRADER
		trader-permission: endex.web.trade
		admin-view-permission: endex.web.admin
	holdings:
		inventory:
			enabled: true
			include-enderchest: false
			cache-seconds: 15
[/CODE]

[B]Compatibility[/B]
Server: Paper/Spigot 1.20.1 to latest.
Java 17 runtime.
Economy: Vault (soft dependency).

[B]Data & Reliability[/B]
YAML storage in the plugin folder by default; optional SQLite database.
Periodic backups and orderly saves; safe reload reschedules tasks cleanly.
Atomic CSV export to plugins/TheEndex/history.
Last‑cycle demand/supply persist (no more 0% on idle cycles).

[B]API & Addons[/B]
Public API service for other plugins: org.lokixcz.theendex.api.EndexAPI
Addon loader with command routing and aliasing
Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default `index.html` and modify; unified market view (legacy Addons tab removed)

[B]Support[/B]
[URL='https://discord.gg/vS8xsvWaSU']Join our Discord[/URL]

[B]Changelog[/B]
New in 1.4.0:
- Virtual Delivery System: overflow purchases now enter a pending delivery queue with FIFO claiming, GUI integration, per-player limits, and optional auto-claim on login.
- Delivery Commands: `/market delivery list|claim|claim-all|gui` provide full management for pending items, including console support.
- Web + API updates: new `/api/deliveries` endpoints and updated dashboard badges reflecting pending deliveries in real time.
- Fixed long-standing buy loop issue where `/market buy <item> 64` could yield only one item on 1.20.1 servers; loop now instantiates fresh stacks and routes overflow safely.
- Delivery storage hardened with atomic SQLite transactions and graceful fallbacks to prevent duplication exploits.

New in 1.3.1:
- Inventory capacity is checked before charging players; oversized orders are capped (or delivered) instead of dropping items on the ground.
- Added detailed feedback when purchases are capped and shared the `calculateInventoryCapacity()` helper with the web tier.

New in 1.3.0:
- Security hardening: removed all reflective private field access (cleaner, safer internals).
- Web auth improvement: session token now moved to Authorization header after first load; URL is sanitized automatically.
- Hashed API token support via `web.api.token-hashes` (SHA-256). Plain tokens still work but are deprecated (one-time warning when both present).
- Updated SECURITY.md and added CHANGELOG.md; preparing groundwork for upcoming resource pack & rate limiter enhancements.

New in 1.2.0:
- Customizable Web UI override (`web.custom.*`) – export default assets then edit `index.html`, CSS, JS; `/endex webui export|reload` admin commands.
- Unified single‑page market view (legacy separate Addons tab removed) with improved filters & layout stability.
- Performance & live update polish (layout reflow reductions, caching tweaks, rate‑limit refinements).
- Minor icon & holdings panel improvements.
Retained from 1.1.x: inventory‑aware pricing, Combined Holdings badges, resource‑pack item icons.
See docs/changelogs.md for full release notes.

[CENTER][URL='https://discord.gg/vS8xsvWaSU'][IMG]https://i.postimg.cc/5tz22qFS/discord-icon-png-0-1.jpg[/IMG][/URL]
Join our Discord![/CENTER]
